Events as types (#2866)
pygame-community/pygame-ce: docs/reST/ref/event.rst

   .. ## pygame.event.custom_type ##

.. function:: event_class

   | :sl:`returns related event class to event type`
   | :sg:`event_class(type: int, /) -> type[Event]`

   Returns an event class that is correlated with the given event type. If the class to a given event type is not found,

>    but the type is within the range of valid values for the event type, instead of ``pygame.event.Event`` sublclass returned,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   but the type is within the range of valid values for the event type, instead of a ``pygame.event.Event`` subclass being returned,
```
